Okay. So here are a few things
you need to know for CloudTrail
going into the exam.
The first one is that you can have
a log file integrity validation.
So when you do API calls within AWS,
they're going to be logged by CloudTrail
and you can have these logs
being sent into Amazon S3, okay, every one hour.
But, you can also create what's called a digest file.
And this is a file that will reference
all the log files from the last hour
and will contain a hash of each.
And this is going to be stored in the same S3 buckets
as your log files, but within a different folder.
And the idea is that,
this is going to reference all of them, okay.
And this will help you determine
whether or not a log file was been tampered with.
So either modified or deleted
after CloudTrail delivered it.
So if the log file hash
corresponds to the digest file hash,
then you know for sure that the log file
has not been modified and you're good to go.
So this is very helpful for compliance purposes.
The hash is using the SHA-256 algorithm, okay.
And then the idea is that
you still want to protect your S3 buckets
using a bucket policy, using versioning,
using MFA Delete protection, encryption,
and object lock if you wanted to make sure
that all these files within your S3 buckets
from CloudTrail are kept all along this time. Okay?
But if you want to show from a compliance perspective
that these files are not modified with,
you would use a digest file from CloudTrail.
Finally, you should protect CloudTrail using IAM
if you want to make sure
that CloudTrail keeps on delivering
these log files into Amazon S3.
You can also integrate CloudTrail with EventBridge.
So CloudTrail can trigger EventBridge
for any kind of API calls made within your AWS accounts.
And then from EventBridge,
you can do any kind of integration you want
using Lambda, SNS, SQS, and so on.
So if you want it to react to any API call, you know,
not even something that's covered by EventBridge,
but you know that will appear in CloudTrail,
then you would define an EventBridge integration
with CloudTrail.
But CloudTrail is not real-time, okay?
The events may be delivered within 15 minutes
of an API call
and then the events in log files
will also be delivered within S3 within 5 minutes. Okay?
So this is not a real-time automation
on top of API calls,
but this is for you
a way to get some kind of integration
on top of any API calls made within CloudTrail
when it is delivered into EventBridge.
Finally, you can have organization trails,
so, you can setup CloudTrail at the organization level.
So you have a management accounts
and many different member accounts.
And so your CloudTrail at your org level
is going to log events for all of API calls
for all your member accounts
into a target S3 buckets that is organization wide. Okay?
And this is very handy for account managements.
So all the events will be logged
and this is going to give you
for both the management and the member accounts,
and the trail name will be the same
for every accounts in AWS.
And the member accounts cannot remove
or modify the organization trail
which is good for compliance.
They can only view that it exists.
So that's it for all the additional stuff
you need to know on CloudTrail.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.